{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\f0\fs22\lang1046 KINGDOM OF THE SPECTRA\par
\par
SCRIPT\par
\par
Written by Affonso Amendola, 2019\par
\par
Be Excellent to Each Other.\par
\par
GAME START\par
-------\par
\par
Company logos fade in and out, standard shit.\par
\par
::::CUTSCENE 1::::\par
-------\par
\par
Scene opens on the edge of the Blue Technocracy, overlooking from the distance the Farpoint Lookout, the farthest point in the blue lands.\par
\par
The moon is clearly visible from the vantage point.\par
\par
-Titles appear as the music softly plays in the background:-\par
On the farthest point of the lands of Blue.\par
\par
Farpoint Lookout.\par
-Titles fadeout-\par
\par
The Blue Technocrat leader, Ultramarine, shares a conversation with his wife, Laurel\par
\par
Ultramarine: You know where he is right now?\par
\par
Laurel: Where?\par
\par
Ultramarine: On an old bookstore, under the new city.\par
\par
Laurel: You let him go?\par
\par
Ultramarine: No.\par
Ultramarine: He just went anyway.\par
\par
Ultramarine: Picklocked the door, and disabled the security cameras you put everywhere.\par
Ultramarine: They came back online immediatly after, so he still got caught on video.\par
\par
Laurel: And why is he there?\par
Laurel: Did he evade the guards?\par
\par
Ultramarine: No.\par
Ultramarine: I just conceded.\par
\par
Ultramarine: I could lock him into his room and just made him stay there.\par
Ultramarine: But I decided against it.\par
Ultramarine: I sent Olive to watch over him.\par
Ultramarine: He'll be fine.\par
\par
Laurel: He's stubborn.\par
\par
Ultramarine: I'm stubborn.\par
\par
Laurel laughs.\par
\par
Laurel: He really is your son.\par
\par
At this moment, a flash of light is seen on the moon, and it starts heading towards the planet.\par
\par
Ultramarine: What is that?\par
\par
Both are shocked.\par
\par
Laurel: Its... I have no idea.\par
\par
The light keeps its heading, looking like its going to fall right on the two watching.\par
\par
Ultramarine: It's heading towards us, what in the Light is that!?\par
\par
The light seems to collide with something in midair, causing a flash, it fragments in thousands of small pieces, and a larger piece, now heading west.\par
\par
It enters the atmosphere, causing even more light, and hits the ground in the distance, causing yet another flash of light.\par
\par
Ultramarine: What was that?!\par
\par
Ultramarine takes a communicator from his robe, as he does a voice comes through\par
\par
Communicator: Ultramarine! Sir! Do you copy?\par
\par
Ultramarine: Yes, I just saw it, any info?\par
\par
Communicator: Head to the observatory, the Technologists are assembling.\par
\par
Ultramarine: On my way.\par
\par
Ultramarine starts heading out, Laurel stays behind, looking out to the crash site\par
\par
Ultramarine: Laurel?\par
\par
Laurel: Ultra? What was that??\par
\par
Ultramarine: I have no idea, lets go\par
\par
-Title Shows-\par
KINGDOM OF THE SPECTRA\par
-Title fades-\par
\par
-Credits roll-\par
\par
-Fadeout-\par
::::SCENE 1 END::::\par
-------------------\par
::::CUTSCENE 3::::\par
\par
-Fadein on an old abandoned bookstore-\par
\par
-A panel from the ceiling falls, shattering on the ground-\par
\par
-A blue figure pokes his head down the hole-\par
\par
Aquamarine: Oh crap...\par
Aquamarine: Well...If anyone asks, lets just say that hole was already there...\par
\par
-The figure goes back up, only to jump down moments later-\par
-The figure is revealed to be Aquamarine, son of Ultramarine-\par
\par
Aquamarine: "The Bookish Hue", the oldest bookstore on the oldest street of the oldest section of the old city.\par
Aquamarine: There has to be something cool around here.\par
\par
::::START OF PLAYER CONTROL::::\par
\par
The player must now navigate around the old bookstore, he can examine the bookcases and find only bits of information from the books' titles.\par
\par
Aquamarine is dissappointed in most of them, since he already read most of it, or just doesnt finds them appealing.\par
\par
--------------\par
Puzzle section, teaching the player about moving around and interacting.\par
--------------\par
\par
After searching around, Aqua finds a way into an old basement, where the not-for-sale books are stored, he grabs a pamphlet written in an undeciferable language.\par
\par
It is a pamphlet for an extremely old box, looking like an old computer system, it is locked behind an ornamental glass case, on top of a pillow, obviously for safekeeping by the old owner.\par
\par
--------------\par
Puzzle section, opening the box, maybe use information from books upstairs, or some kind of structural puzzle.\par
--------------\par
\par
\strike (Maybe find informations about the old owner of the bookstore throughout the game.)\par
\par
\strike0 If the player manages to pass the puzzle, he's able to grab an old book that is inside the box.\par
\par
While Aqua is downstairs a ruckus is heard upstairs, someone has broken into the bookstore, while Aqua was distracted.\par
\par
The voices outside are calling for his name.\par
Aqua has now to find a place to hide.\par
\par
--------------\par
Puzzle section, finding a place to hide, while being pressured by noises upstairs.\par
--------------\par
\par
Aqua hides just in time after grabbing the pamphlet, a group of armed Yellow guards barge into the basement.\par
\par
The yellow guards seem dissappointed in not finding Aqua downstairs.\par
After a few moments a Blue nobleman enters the room.\par
\par
Navy: Where is He?\par
\par
Aqua (Still hidden): ~Awww fuck, I know this voice.~\par
\par
Navy: Aquamarine, you father requests your presence.\par
Navy: And he is kind of pissed you broke out of your room.\par
\par
Navy: -Pause-\par
\par
Navy: Again...\par
\par
Aqua (Still hidden): Well, then he should've gotten better locks for the windows.\par
\par
Navy: Windows?\par
\par
While Aqua talks Navy moves toward the hiding spot.\par
Aqua (Still hidden): Oh yeah, I didn't go through the windows this time...\par
Aqua (Still hidden): Still, the locks are shit.\par
Aqua (Still hidden): Ahhhh... You know how it is right Navy? I mean th\par
\par
Navy reveals Aqua, interrupting him.\par
Navy: Lets go home.\par
Aqua: Alright alright...\par
\par
Aqua and Navy make their way up towards the bookstore.\par
\par
Navy starts to speak to Aqua but Aqua is lost inside his own head, not paying attention.\par
\par
Navy: Your parents are worried about you.\par
\par
Aqua: Tell me something new...\par
Aqua: Hey guys how you all doing today?\par
Aqua asks to the 2 or 3 Yellow guards stationed around the bookstore.\par
This happens right under the hole in the ceiling Aqua made when going down.\par
\par
Aquamarine uses a grappling hook to go up and dissappear in the darkness above.\par
\par
Navy: Take things seriously Aquamarine!\par
Navy turns around to berate Aqua.\par
\par
But he isnt there anymore.\par
\par
Navy: By the white AQUAMARINE, GET DOWN HERE.\par
\par
Aqua (Out of frame): Yeah... not gonna happen bossman.\par
\par
Navy: Ughhhh, FINE.\par
Navy: But PLEASE Aqua, go home.\par
Navy: Weird things have happened.\par
\par
Aqua (Poking his head down): Is everyone okay? \par
\par
Navy: Yes, everything is fine.\par
\par
Aqua (Poking his head down): Sooooo.... Why must I go back home?\par
\par
Navy: Aqua a light shot out of the fucking moon and no one knows why.\par
\par
Aqua (Poking his head down): Oh, damn thats actually interesting.\par
\par
Navy: Go home. Your father is waiting for you.\par
Navy: You are probably faster on these streets by yourself.\par
\par
Aqua (Poking his head down): Hmmm.\par
Aqua (Poking his head down): Okay then, I'll see you back at the spire.\par
\par
Aqua's head dissapear in the darkness above once again.\par
\par
Yellow guard: Is He really going to be fine, Sir?\par
Navy: That kid is smarter than all of us together, he'll be fine.\par
Navy: Lets go, Ultra is going to be pissed at us if we get there after Aqua.\par
\par
\par
}
 